docs/index.md, before:

# Welcome to the High-Pressure Laser Floating Zone Lab Documentation!

![LaserLabImage](image.png)

The high-pressure laser floating zone furnaces enable synthesis of a wide variety of volatile and metastable phases, at pressures up to 1,000 bar. For more details about the furnace capabilities, see the publications for the two iterations of the furnace, [LAPIS](https://pubs.aip.org/aip/rsi/article/90/4/043906/283212/High-pressure-laser-floating-zone-furnace) and LOKII (TBD).

!!! warning
    This is a warning.
!!! note
    This is a note.
!!! tip
    This is a tip.
!!! info
    This is info.
!!! danger
    This is danger.
---

## Getting started
### Lab access and onboarding

Steven Gomez Alvarado is the laser lab manager, [contact via email](mailto:stevenjgomez@ucsb.edu) to arrange a lab walkthrough. The requisites for lab access are as follows:

1. Schedule and complete lab walkthrough via lab manager
1. Complete Laser Safety Training on UC Learning Center, email certificate to lab manager
1. Read and sign relevant SOPs (located in red binder in the lab)
1. Apply for door access via the [CNSI Building Operations Access Control Application](https://www.cnsi.ucsb.edu/resources/building-operations)


### SOPs
...add links to SOPs!

Commit message:

Added documentation for sample prep and setup.

docs/index.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="headerimage.png" />
</p>

# Welcome to the High-Pressure Laser Floating Zone Lab Documentation!

The high-pressure laser floating zone furnaces enable synthesis of a wide variety of volatile and metastable phases, at pressures up to 1,000 bar. For more details about the furnace capabilities, see the publications for the two iterations of the furnace, [LAPIS](https://pubs.aip.org/aip/rsi/article/90/4/043906/283212/High-pressure-laser-floating-zone-furnace) and LOKII (TBD).

---

## Getting started
### Lab access and onboarding

Steven Gomez Alvarado is the laser lab manager, [contact via email](mailto:stevenjgomez@ucsb.edu) to arrange a lab walkthrough. The requisites for lab access are as follows:

1. Schedule and complete lab walkthrough via lab manager
1. Complete Laser Safety Training on UC Learning Center, email certificate to lab manager
1. Read and sign relevant SOPs (located in red binder in the lab)
1. Apply for door access via the [CNSI Building Operations Access Control Application](https://www.cnsi.ucsb.edu/resources/building-operations)


### SOPs

!!! note
    Several of these documents are outdated. The most up-to-date SOPs can be found on this site.


- [HP-LFZ Furnace Manual](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T6wNjcXcsTjOn82LcIvGhfddFYWkCMtU/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=113393530670482605273&rtpof=true&sd=true)
- [Window Mounting Process](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MCyMGJZBJyg33lF6lx_pit7Ao_3ZnSib/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=113393530670482605273&rtpof=true&sd=true)
- [Sample Mounting Procedure](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bT5nEUnzqD-D0QiIHyUI03bRCu9JsikU/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=113393530670482605273&rtpof=true&sd=true)
- [Mounting the Translators to the Adapters](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17SgCiqV7FJT-bWZ-rdnVYnGQOwL8koe7/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=113393530670482605273&rtpof=true&sd=true)
- [Low-Pressure Mass Flow Controller Details](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17Vp_UqtXgYiOiCEnxcTw37DxpVW29zIr/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=113393530670482605273&rtpof=true&sd=true)
- [High Pressure Flow Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mn1r4TA6SOQabsiBrDhMjBT2Agk5A4_3/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=113393530670482605273&rtpof=true&sd=true)
- [High Pressure Flow SOP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uwVXa9QPBHLk10MpUEUmxi0FUDCVnDda/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=113393530670482605273&rtpof=true&sd=true)
